　　这些书的作者大多数都是女性，写的都是和女性有关的故事，启迪女孩们认识和发掘自己的价值，并成长为更好的自己。　　小编默认你已经读过了简·奥斯汀的一系列女性小说，以及《简·爱》、《德伯家的苔丝》、《红字》等经典名著了，所以在此就不多做推荐了。　　《一间自己的房间》A Room of One‘s Own　　Virginia Woolf　　[英] 弗吉尼亚·伍尔夫　　In A Room of One‘s Own， Virginia Woolf imagines that Shakespeare had a sister—a sister equal to Shakespeare in talent， and equal in genius， but who never writes a word and dies by her own hand， her genius unexpressed。 If only she had found the means to create， argues Woolf， she would have reached the same heights as her immortal sibling。　　在《一间自己的房间》里，弗吉尼亚·伍尔夫假想莎士比亚有一个才华和天赋可与他比肩的妹妹，但却未留下任何作品，自戕而亡，她的天才从未向世人展示过。伍尔夫说，如果她有条件进行创作，她本可以达到和她不朽的兄长一样的艺术高度。　　Her message is a simple one： women must have a fixed income and a room of their own in order to have the freedom to create。　　她想传达的信息极为简单：女人如果想要有创作的自由，就必须有稳定的收入，和一间自己的房间。　　▌Quotes　　▷A woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write fiction。　　一个女人如果打算写小说的话，那她一定要有钱，还要有一间自己的房间。　　▷Lock up your libraries if you like； but there is no gate， no lock， no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind。　　你想锁住图书馆，请便好了，但你无法用门禁、门锁、门闩禁锢我思想的自由。　　《小妇人》Little Women　　Louisa May Alcott　　[美] 路易莎·梅·奥尔科特　　Little Women tells the story of four sisters growing up in poverty in Civil War-era New England。 From their creativity-filled childhood to their pursuits in adulthood， Meg， Jo， Beth， and Amy consistently demonstrate inner strength and a refreshing， inspiring vitality。　　《小妇人》讲述了美国南北战争时期，在新英格兰的穷苦环境下成长起来的四个姐妹。从她们充满新奇点子的童年到成年后的追寻与探索，梅格、乔、贝丝和艾米四姐妹一直在展示着内在的力量，和清新振奋、启迪人心的生命力。　　▌Quotes　　▷I am not afraid of storms， for I am learning how to sail my ship。　　我并不畏惧暴风雨，因为我可以学会如何驾驶航船乘风破浪。　　《杀死一只知更鸟》To Kill a Mockingbird　　Harper Lee　　[美] 哈珀·李　　Through the eyes of a young girl， Harper Lee explores with exuberant humour the irrationality of adult attitudes to race and class in the Deep South of the thirties。　　哈珀·李通过一个小女孩的视角，用幽默十足的口吻探讨上世纪30年代美国南部成年人对待种族和阶级毫无理性的态度。　　Compassionate， dramatic， and deeply moving， the novel takes readers to the roots of human behavior - to innocence and experience， kindness and cruelty， love and hatred， humor and pathos。　　这本小说充满慈悲，戏剧冲突强烈，极为感人，它带领着读者直面人类行为的根源，比如纯真和世故、善良和残酷、爱和恨、幽默和悲痛。　　▌Quotes　　▷You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view。　　你永远不可能真正了解一个人，除非你从他的角度去看问题。　　▷The one thing that doesn‘t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience。　　有一种东西不能遵循从众原则，那就是人的良心。　　《一辈子做女孩》Eat， Pray， Love　　Elizabeth Gilbert　　[美] 伊莉莎白·吉尔伯特　　This beautifully written， heartfelt memoir touched a nerve among both readers and reviewers。 Elizabeth Gilbert tells how she made the difficult choice to leave behind all the trappings of modern American success （marriage， house in the country， career） and find， instead， what she truly wanted from life。　　这是一本文笔优美，感情真挚的亲身实录，好多读者和评论家都被其打动。伊莉莎白·吉尔伯特告诉人们她是如何做出抉择，放下所有现代美国梦的羁绊，诸如婚姻、乡间别墅、事业……而去寻找自己真正想要的生活的。　　It’s easy to give this memoir a hard time for being self-indulgent and unrealistic — but there is something here that speaks to women and encourages them not to settle for less。　　你大可以说这本回忆录太过任性，不切实际，但它确实有吸引女性的地方，鼓励她们不要凑合过日子。　　▌Quotes　　▷People think a soul mate is your perfect fit， and that‘s what everyone wants。 But a true soul mate is a mirror， the person who shows you everything that is holding you back， the person who brings you to your own attention so you can change your life。　　人们以为精神伴侣是天作之合，而这就是每个人都想要的。但真正的精神伴侣是一面镜子，他让你看到所有令你畏缩不前的东西，他让你开始关注自己，从而改变自己的生活。　　《我是马拉拉》I Am Malala　　Malala Yousafzai　　[巴基斯坦] 马拉拉　　Not even an assassin’s bullet could keep Malala quiet。 Though few thought she would recover， shot in the head by the Taliban when she was just 15， Malala has surpassed all expectations， writing her story and continuing to champion the cause of education for women all all over the world。 Malala is inspiration personified。　　即便是杀手的子弹也不能让马拉拉沉默。她在15岁时被塔利班的枪支射中头部，人们以为她永远也不会康复，但她却超乎了所有人的想象。她写下了自己的故事，到全世界为女孩争取受教育的权利。马拉拉本身即是一个大写的励志。　　▌Quotes　　▷When the whole world is silent， even one voice becomes powerful。　　当全世界都沉默的时候，哪怕只有一个声音也可以很强大。　　《心是孤独的猎手》The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter　　Carson McCullers　　[美] 卡森·麦卡勒斯　　Carson McCullers‘ The Heart is a Lonely Hunter is set in a small Southern town and centers around a group of five misfits who bond over their isolation。 Mick Kelly is an adolescent girl who finds comfort in music， and unlike the other four， fights back against her loneliness by searching for beauty， rather than violence or sex or alcohol。　　麦卡勒斯的《心是孤独的猎手》发生在美国的南方小镇，故事围绕着五个不合时宜、却因孤独而联结在一起的人展开。少女米克在音乐中寻找慰藉。和其他四人不同，她没有沉溺于暴力、性或酒精，却通过探索美好的事物来反击自己的孤独。　　The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter has remarkable power， sweep and certainty。。。 Her art suggests a Van Gogh painting peopled with Faulkner figures。　　《心是孤独的猎手》拥有非凡的力量、果敢和自信……女作家的笔触仿佛是梵高的油画上点缀着福克纳式的人物。　　▌Quotes　　▷Some kind of music was too private to sing in a house cram fall of people。 It was funny， too， how lonesome a person could be in a crowded house。　　有些曲子，太私人了，没法在挤满了人的房子里唱。这也很奇怪，在拥挤的房子里，一个人会如此的孤独。　　《鬼妈妈》Coraline　　Neil Gaiman　　[英] 尼尔·盖曼　　In this eerie Neil Gaiman novel， Coraline‘s family moves into a new flat， where she discovers a passage to an alternate， mirror universe。 While the other world is in many ways better than the original， Coraline eventually realizes that all is not as it seems and that there are children’s souls trapped there that she must rescue， along with herself。　　尼尔·盖曼这部小说颇带些鬼魅色彩。女孩考罗琳和家人搬入新的寓所，她发现了一个通道，通向一个与现实对照的平行世界。在这个世界里，很多方面都好过原本世界，但考罗琳逐渐发现，事情并非如表象一般。这里囚困了很多孩子的灵魂，她必须把他们拯救出来，包括她自己。　　▌Quotes　　▷When you‘re scared but you still do it anyway ， that’s brave。　　你害怕一件事，可还是要去做，那才是勇敢。　　▷“What‘s your name，’ Coraline asked the cat。 ‘Look， I’m Coraline。 Okay？‘　　“你叫什么名字？”考罗琳问猫，“瞧，我叫考罗琳。”　　‘Cats don’t have names，‘ it said。　　“猫没有名字的。”它说。　　‘No？’ said Coraline。　　“没有吗？”考罗琳说。　　‘No，’ said the cat。 ‘Now you people have names。 That’s because you don‘t know who you are。 We know who we are， so we don’t need names。”　　“没有，”猫说，“你们人类有名字，因为你们不知道你们是谁。我们知道我们是谁，所以我们不需要取名字。”　　《灿烂千阳》A Thousand Splendid Suns　　Khaled Hosseini　　[美] 卡勒德·胡赛尼　　Born a generation apart and with very different ideas about love and family， Mariam and Laila are two women brought jarringly together by war， by loss and by fate。　　玛丽雅姆和莱拉年龄相差一代人，对爱情和家庭有着截然不同的见解，却因为战争、失去和命运，极不和谐地绑在了一起。　　The book highlights the beauty and pride in being a woman in spite of a world that is systemically violent and unjust toward women。 It also emphasizes the strength that women have in the bonds they share with other women。　　这本书浓墨重彩地展现出作为一个女人的美好和骄傲，尽管她所处的世界充满暴力和对女性的不公。小说还凸显了女人团结在一起时拥有的力量。　　▌Quotes　　▷Miriam is in Laila‘s own heart， where she shines with the bursting radiance of a thousand splendid suns。　　玛丽雅姆就在莱拉的心中，在那儿，她发出一千个太阳般灿烂的光芒。　　来源：口袋英语微信公众账号　　责任编辑：陈熙