　　你们知道“as cool as a cucumber”是什么意思吗？“像黄瓜一样凉快”？“像黄瓜一样酷”？当然不是啦，“as cool as a cucumber”是用来形容一个人非常沉着冷静。　　有很多英文习语我们是不能光靠字面猜意思，其字面意思和真实含义可能还相差甚远！一起来看看还有哪些有趣的英文习语是容易中招的吧！　　1　　Cat nap　　打瞌睡　　I had a cat nap after lunch。　　午饭后我小憩了一会儿。　　2　　Bark up the wrong tree　　攻击错了目标　　I think the police are barking up the wrong tree。　　我认为警察弄错了目标。　　3　　Bed of roses　　称心如意的生活　　Without financial security， married life is no bed of roses。　　没有经济基础作保障，婚后生活不会幸福。　　4　　Best of both worlds　　两全其美　　Some approaches allow you to get the best of both worlds。　　有些方法可以帮你取得两全其美的结果。　　5　　A bitter pill　　不能不做的苦事　　That‘s going to be a bitter pill for her to swallow。　　这对她来说一定很难接受。　　6　　Bite off more than one can chew　　心有余而力不足　　Don‘t bite off more than you can chew and keep your goal a manageable one。　　不要制定要求过高的计划，使你的目标可付诸实践。　　7　　Curiosity killed the cat　　好奇害死猫　　Try not to mind other people‘s business and remember curiosity killed the cat。　　不要多管别人的事，记住多管闲事容易卷入是非。　　8　　Hit the road　　开始，出发　　We finally hit the road the following day　　次日，我们终于又上路了。　　9　　Miss the boat　　错失良机　　They‘ll miss the boat if they don’t hurry。　　如果他们不快点儿，就会错过机会了。　　10　　Off the hook　　摆脱困境　　A bouquet of flowers or some other last minute gift would probably get you off the hook。　　一束鲜花或一些最后一刻的礼物肯定不错，也许还能让你摆脱困境。　　11　　A piece of cake　　小菜一碟　　A friend might tell you that his new job was “a piece of cake”。　　一个朋友可能会告诉你他的新工作简直就是小菜一碟。　　12　　Actions speak louder than words　　事实胜于雄辩　　Here， as in many aspects of life， actions speak louder than words。　　众所周知，在生活中的很多方面，行动比语言更有力量。　　13　　Spill the beans　　泄露秘密　　They spilled the beans to at least one other person。　　她们向至少一个人泄露了秘密。　　14　　A dime a dozen　　不稀罕，便宜　　Apples are a dime a dozen there。　　在那里，苹果多到不值钱。　　15　　He/She‘s a big fish　　大人物　　She is a big fish， and everyone thinks she is very important。　　她是一个大人物，大家都觉得她非常重要。　　16　　Add insult to injury　　雪上加霜　　Further work by Seiffert‘s team appears to add insult to injury。　　塞弗特团队的进一步研究更是雪上加霜。　　17　　Call it a day　　收工　　It‘s hard to ever call it a day and enjoy your free time。　　你几乎无法收工去享受自由时间。　　18　　All ears　　洗耳恭听　　Tell me your story。 I‘m all ears。　　告诉我你的故事，我洗耳恭听。　　19　　Beat around the bush　　旁敲侧击　　Don‘t beat around the bush， tell us the truth。　　别拐弯抹角了，告诉我们真相吧。　　20　　Can‘t judge a book by its cover　　人不可貌相　　You can‘t judge a book by its cover。　　你不能根据封面来评价一本书的好坏。　　21　　Couch potato　　极为懒惰的人　　Some researchers have been looking at novel ways to increase the level of activity among those with “couch potato” lifestyles。　　一些研究人员一直在寻找让那些懒惰的人多活动身体的办法。　　22　　Cry over spilt milk　　后悔莫及　　There is no reason or need to cry over spilt milk。　　没有理由也没有必要去为无法改变的事实悔恨。　　23　　Picture paints a thousand words　　百闻不如一见　　A picture paints a thousand words - so I will let the picture above speak for itself。　　一图胜千言--所以我让图片自己说明一切。　　24　　Don‘t put all your eggs in one basket　　不要孤注一掷　　Don‘t give up on him totally， but don’t put all your eggs in one basket either。　　不要彻底放弃他，但也不要孤注一掷。　　25　　Have a blast　　玩得很尽兴　　After the initial phase when you’re getting used to exercise， you will have a blast。　　在经过了最初的适应阶段后，你会开始玩得尽兴。　　26　　Hit the sack / sheets / hay　　上床睡觉　　Keep the TV turned off for the last two hours before you hit the sack。　　睡觉前两小时就关掉电视。　　27　　Once in a blue moon　　千载难逢　　Things like that come along only once in a blue moon。　　这样的事可是极其难得。　　28　　It takes two to tango　　一个巴掌拍不响　　A conflict is not the fault of just one person or the other， because it takes two to tango。　　矛盾不能只归咎于一方，因为一个巴掌拍不响。　　29　　Kill two birds with one stone　　一箭双雕　　We always emphasize to kill two birds with one stone when we learn new thing。　　我们在学习新知识时经常强调一举两得的方法。　　30　　Hold Your Horses　　耐心点　　Hold your horses。 Don‘t leave without finishing your report first。　　慢着，别忘了先把你的报告写完再走。　　学习英语不能只记单词，还要记住常用的习语以及它的含义。光靠猜字面意思，分分钟会掉到陷阱里头哦！　　来源：EF英孚教育青少儿英语微信公众账号　　责任编辑：陈熙