　　1。 Raining cats and dogs　　1。瓢泼大雨　　pouring， raining very heavily　　大雨倾盆　　Where are you going， can’t you see it’s raining cats and dogs？ You’ll get soaked in a minute if you go out now。　　你要去哪，不知道外面正下大雨么？这会出去一分钟就能淋成落汤鸡。　　They didn’t go to the theme park because it was raining cats and dogs almost all day。　　大雨几乎持续了整整一天，因此，他们没去主题公园。　　2。 Face like thunder　　2。满面怒气　　being clearly very angry or upset　　面露怒气或不悦　　I don’t know what was happening， I just saw that a man with a face like thunder was chasing a little boy out of the grocer’s shop。　　我不知道究竟发生了什么事，只见一个男人怒气冲冲地从杂货铺跑出来追逐一个小男孩。　　She didn’t say anything but her face was like thunder； she slammed the door as she left， and we haven’t seen her ever since。　　她虽然不言不语，但脸上却阴雨密布。离开时，她破门而出，从那以后，我们再也没有见过她。　　3。 Storm in a teacup　　3。小题大做　　exaggerating a problem， anger or worry about something unimportant　　过分放大小事的严重性、生气的程度或过度担心　　Their debate was only a storm in a teacup – actually neither of them took the problem too serious。　　他们的争论不过是小题大做——实际上，他们都没有把问题看得太重。　　The reports about the demonstration are astorm in a teacup – there wasn’t as much violence there as they say。　　关于示威游行的报道简直是小题大做——事实上，这件事并不像报道所描述的那样暴力。　　4。 Chase rainbows　　4。白日做梦　　waste time trying to achieve something impossible　　浪费时间追求不可能实现之事　　My wife never believed I would make it as an executive manager； she always thought I was just chasing rainbows。　　妻子从不相信我能成为一名职业经理，一直以来都觉得我在白日做梦。　　Can’t you see you’re only chasing rainbows？ There’s no way to get this girl marry you。　　难道你不觉得自己在做一件永远不可能实现的事么？这个女孩不可能嫁给你。　　5。 Lightning fast　　5。快如闪电　　extremely fast　　形容速度极快　　I don’t think we can keep up with him， he’s got a lightning fast bike。　　我觉得咱们不可能追的上他，他骑起车来快如闪电。　　The robbery lasted only a minute， and then the robbers disappeared in a lightning fast car。　　抢劫仅仅持续了一分钟，然后劫匪开车离开，像闪电般一样消失了。　　6。 Head in the clouds　　6。胡思乱想　　having unrealistic or impractical ideas， daydreaming　　不能实行的或不切实际的想法、幻想　　Is your sister in love？ I see her walking around all day with her head in the clouds。　　你妹妹陷入爱情了么？我见她一整天无所事事胡思乱想。　　You have your head in the clouds if you think Mary will come to your birthday party after the nasty things you’ve done to her。　　你对玛丽做出那种事，还期待她来参加你的生日会，这简直是幻想。　　7。 Snowed under　　7。忙的不可开交　　having too much to do　　有许多事要做　　I’d love to help you， but I’m completely snowed under at the moment。　　我很想帮你，但是这会的确忙的不可开交。　　Could you come over and fix the tap in the bathroom？ But of course， only if you aren’t snowed under， it’s not so urgent。　　如果你这会儿不忙的话，可以过来修一下浴室的水管吗？当然了，这件事并不紧急。　　8。 Under the weather　　8。身体不适　　ill， sick， feeling unwell， sad or lacking energy　　生病、不适、悲伤或缺乏活力　　Do you mind if I stay out of work today？ I’m feeling under the weather， I may have the flu。　　你介意我今天不上班么？我身体有些不舒服，也许得了流感。　　I heard you were ill yesterday。 Are you feeling better now or are you still under the weather？　　听说你昨天病了。现在好些了么还是依旧不舒服？　　来源：沪江英语　　责任编辑：陈熙