　　In the hustle and bustle of daily life， busy moms and dads don‘t always have the time to focus on etiquette。 But if you reinforce these 25 must-do manners， you’ll raise a polite， kind， well-liked child。　　生活工作太忙碌，爸爸妈妈们不一定有时间关注孩子的礼仪教养，不过，只要注意将这25条教给孩子就行啦。　　　　When asking for something， say “Please。”　　问别人话的时候先说“请”。　　　　When receiving something， say “Thank you。”　　别人给了自己什么东西，要说“谢谢”。　　　　Do not interrupt grown-ups who are speaking with each other unless there is an emergency。　　不要打断大人们的谈话，除非真的有急事。　　　　If you do need to get somebody‘s attention right away， the phrase “excuse me” is the most polite way for you to enter the conversation。　　如果真的需要跟某人说话，最好先说一句“打扰了”。　　　　When you have any doubt about doing something， ask permission first。 It can save you from many hours of grief later。　　如果在做一件事前拿不定主意，先去征求父母的意见和许可。　　　　The world is not interested in what you dislike。 Keep negative opinions to yourself， or between you and your friends， and out of earshot of adults。　　别人不关心你讨厌什么，所以一些批评言论最好只是跟朋友们随便说说，不要传得人尽皆知。　　　　Do not comment on other people‘s physical characteristics unless， of course， it’s to compliment them， which is always welcome。　　不要对别人品头论足，当然称赞他人的外表是必要的。　　　　When people ask you how you are， tell them and then ask them how they are。　　当别人向你问好时，记得礼貌作答，并且也问候他们。　　　　When you have spent time at your friend‘s house， remember to thank his or her parents for having you over and for the good time you had。　　在朋友家做客时要向朋友的父母表达感谢。　　　　Knock on closed doors -- and wait to see if there‘s a response -- before entering。　　进房间前先敲门。　　　　When you make a phone call， introduce yourself first and then ask if you can speak with the person you are calling。　　打电话时先讲明自己是谁，然后再找自己想要找的人。而不是一开口就问XXX在吗。　　　　Be appreciative and say “thank you” for any gift you receive。 In the age of e-mail， a handwritten thank-you note can have a powerful effect。　　收到礼物后要表达感谢，手写的感谢信比发电子邮件要好。　　　　Never use foul language in front of adults。 Grown-ups already know all those words， and they find them boring and unpleasant。　　别在大人面前说脏话，大人们对脏话了如指掌，并且他们已经厌倦那些词语了。　　　　Don‘t call people mean names。　　不要对人口出恶言。　　　　Do not make fun of anyone for any reason。 Teasing shows others you are weak， and ganging up on someone else is cruel。　　任何情况下都不要嘲笑别人，这只会显示出你自己的软弱，对被嘲笑的人来说也是件残酷的事。　　　　Even if a play or an assembly is boring， sit through it quietly and pretend that you are interested。 The performers and presenters are doing their best。　　看演出时就算再无聊也要保持安静，台上演出的人是付出了实实在在的努力的。　　　　If you bump into somebody， immediately say “Excuse me。”　　撞到人的时候要立刻说抱歉。　　　　Cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze， and don‘t pick your nose in public。　　咳嗽或者打喷嚏的时候要遮住嘴，并且公开场合不要抠鼻孔。　　　　As you walk through a door， look to see if you can hold it open for someone else。　　进出一扇门的时候记得停一小会，帮后面的人把门开着。　　　　If you come across a parent， a teacher， or a neighbor working on something， ask if you can help。 If they say “yes，” do so -- you may learn something new。　　看到父母、老师或者邻居在忙什么的时候，问一句能不能帮手。帮忙的过程中你也会学到一点半点东西。　　　　When an adult asks you for a favor， do it without grumbling and with a smile。　　当大人请你帮忙做什么事的时候，别抱怨，记得带着微笑去完成。　　　　When someone helps you， say “thank you。” That person will likely want to help you again。　　别人帮了你的忙，记得说谢谢，这样他们下次也会乐意帮助你。　　　　Use eating utensils properly。 If you are unsure how to do so， ask your parents to teach you or watch what adults do。　　正确使用餐具。不知道怎么用的时候就问父母，或者观察其他大人是怎么使用的。　　　　Keep a napkin on your lap； use it to wipe your mouth when necessary。　　把餐巾放在大腿上，需要的时候拿来擦嘴。　　　　Don‘t reach for things at the table； ask to have them passed。　　不要伸手去拿桌子上离自己比较远的东西，请旁边的人帮你传过来。　　（来源：沪江英语）