　　She famously struggled with her weight during the early years of her fame。 But now that Kate Winslet has achieved a figure she is content with， the actress can look back on her most well-known film， Titanic， and smile smugly。　　在早期成名的数年里，凯特·温斯莱特因为体重而苦恼挣扎。然而现在凯特已经减到了自己满意的身材。 回想起自己出演的那部最著名的电影《泰坦尼克号》时，凯特的微笑颇有些踌躇满志的味道。　　Because while most fans of the film were distracted by how devastatingly handsome Leonardo DiCaprio was at the time， and Kate got stick for her weight， the actress believes that she‘s aged better than her co-star。　　在当时，这部电影的大部分影迷都被莱昂纳多·迪卡普里奥的英俊帅气所吸引，而凯特则因为身材而饱受批评。但现在凯特觉得自己比莱昂纳多形象要好些。　　Kate joked during an appearance on Daybreak today that she has lost weight since the classic 1997 film， while Leo has piled on the pounds。 She said： ‘We do look very different， we’re older。 Leo’s 37， I’m 36 – we were 21 and 22 when we made that film。 You know， he’s fatter now – I’m thinner。 It’s true though！’　　在今天做客英国ITV电视台Daybreak的节目时，凯特开玩笑说，和1997年的那部经典之作相比，现在自己瘦多了，而莱昂却胖了不少。她说：“我们看起来和以前确实不同了。我们都变老了。莱昂现在37岁，我也36岁了。我们拍那部电影的时候，才二十一、二岁。 他现在是比以前胖了，我则瘦了。这可是千真万确的！”　　The down-to-earth star joked that she was horrified to see herself in 3D at the premiere of the re-released film this week， having not watched Titanic since it was first in cinemas 15 years ago。　　凯特是个脚踏实地的明星，在这周的《泰坦尼克号》3D版首映式上，她开玩笑表示自己很害怕看到3D版本的自己。自从15年前在 电影院里看过一次《泰坦尼克号》后，她再也没看过这部电影。　　Chatting to Kate Garraway for the ITV show， she said： ‘I put my glasses on and I sat there all excited and then the second my face came on I was like， “Oh my God， make it stop， switch it off， somebody make it stop， turn the sound down， is that what we looked like？ Oh my God， look what I looked like and look what Leo looks like！”　　在ITV电视台的节目里，她和主持人凯特·加莱维聊天时谈到此事。她说：“我戴上3D眼镜，坐在那里非常激动。接着屏幕上出现了我的脸，我当时就想，‘我的天哪，赶快停掉吧，快把它关掉。有人得把它停掉，得把音量调低，我们看起来就是这样？天哪！看看我当时是什么样子呀，再看看莱昂纳多现在成什么样子了！’　　‘It was completely bizarre， it was like somebody saying we’re going to take a home video that we made of you that’s three-and-a-half hours long and we’re going to make the world watch it all over again。 And it was made 15 years ago， how do you feel about that？ So bizarre， so bizarre。’ Winslet also revealed that she will allow her children to watch the film， despite its infamous ‘nude portrait’ scene。　　“实在是太诡异了，就像有人告诉你，我们要编辑一段你的家庭录像，时长三个半小时，让全世界的人再看一遍。这部录像还是15年前拍摄的。要是你会有什么感觉呢？ 太奇怪了，实在是太奇怪了。” 温斯莱特也透露，她会让孩子看这部电影，尽管里面有不光彩的‘裸体写真’的场景。　　Recalling the overnight international fame she experienced with the release of Titanic， Kate said： ‘It was hard being that famous that quickly because one day I could go and buy a pint of milk and the next day I couldn’t do that anymore - or I could， but they would write about how terrible I looked because I hadn’t put make-up on。 So it’s a rather rude awakening when that happens to you。’　　回想起《泰坦尼克号》 放映后，她一夜之间就成了国际巨星，凯特说道：‘这么快成名让我很难适应。前一天我还能出去买一品脱牛奶呢，但到了第二天，我就不能这样做了。也许我可以这样做，但是我要是没化妆，他们就会写我看起来有多糟糕。所以成名时我才猛然意识到，其实并没有那么美妙。’　　‘I look back at that time in my life and I really remember thinking， “I’m much more grown up than everyone else for my age and I’m really head-strong， I know exactly who I am。 Of course I look back and I didn’t have a clue and it’s actually only in the last couple of years of my life that I’ve figured it all out， or more out than I had done then， and now I do have a feeling of ok I get it now， now I understand myself。’　　“回想起那段时间，我还能记得当时的想法，我比同龄人要成熟，我真的很坚强，我知道我自己是谁。当然，回顾过去，我并没有头绪。实际上，只是在最近的这几年里我才想通了，想得比当时要透彻。我确定自己已经想通了，现在我很了解自己了。 ’　　来源：沪江英语　　责任编辑：陈熙