　　While most 5-year-old children are in school or outside playing， little Anna Wang from Southwest China is taking care of her grandmother and great-grandmother。 In fact， she is the sole caregiver for both elderly women， a role thrust upon her by circumstances no child should have to endure。　　5岁是大部分小孩子上学或玩耍的年龄，而在遵义市（位于中国东南部）的一个偏僻的山沟里，已经5岁小女孩王安娜却每天都在照顾年迈的奶奶和曾祖母。事实上，王安娜是二位老人唯一的看护人，她承担了一个5岁孩子本不该承受的生活重担。　　Anna’s father was sent to jail for unknown reasons when she was only 3 months old， and her mother remarried and abandoned the young girl shortly after。 Left behind in the remote mountains of Zuyin with her severely arthritic grandmother and 92-year-old great-grandmother， she began gathering food and cooking for them， and undertakes other duties such as cleaning and helping her relatives to the toilet。　　安娜的父亲在她年仅3个月大的时候由于不知名的原因啷当入狱，随后她的母亲便改嫁他人，撇下了小安娜。和患有关节炎的祖母以及92岁的曾祖母一起生活，小安娜每天都要　　Since her elderly relatives are bedridden， Anna cooks for them and feeds them every day， while other children play and go to school　　由于奶奶长期卧病在床，安娜每天要给她们做饭喂饭，不能够像其他的五岁小孩一样玩耍和上学。　　She undertakes other chores such as cleaning the house， bathing her relatives， and helping them to the toilet。　　除了做饭喂饭，安娜还承担了家里其他的家务，如打扫房间，给两位老人洗澡，以及扶她们上厕所等等。　　The family lives in a modest house in the remote mountains of Zuyin， Southwest China。　　安娜的家乡在遵义市（位于中国东南部）的一个偏僻的山沟里，她们住在一间简朴的房屋中。　　Anna wakes up early every morning to begin attending to her duties， and has no other family or friends to support her。　　每天，安娜都早早地醒来，开始一天的劳动，已经没有其他亲人可以来帮助她。　　When Anna was just 3 months old， her father was sent to jail for unknown reasons。　　在安娜年仅3个月的大的时候，他的父亲由于不知名的原因入狱。　　Her mother， who remarried shortly after， abandoned young Anna and left her to provide for her ailing relatives。　　她的母亲随后便改嫁了，抛下年幼的安娜照顾两位多病的老人。　　She stands on a stool and stretches her small body over the stove as she prepares family meals。　　小安娜在准备饭，她站在凳子上，努力够着灶台。　　A generous neighbor who owns a farm allows Anna to take vegetables from it， which she caries on her back。　　安娜将菜放进背后的背篓中，这些菜都是一位好心的邻居带她去自家菜园里摘的。　　Her grandmother has severe septic arthritis， and can barely take care of herself without Anna’s help。　　她的奶奶患有毒性关节炎，离开安娜基本生活不能自理。　　She has reportedly told Chinese media that she does this because she wants to， and “wishes good health” for her family。　　据报道，安娜告诉记者，她之所以这样做的原因是由于家里人都健健康康的。　　However， no child should have to endure these circumstances， and Anna visibly mourns the life she could’ve had。　　然而她本不该承受如此重担，大家都看得出，安娜对于她本该拥有的幸福生活无限叹惋。　　A photo of her father is all she has left of her stolen childhood。　　父亲的照片是她被偷走的童年给她留下的全部。　　来源：沪江英语　　责任编辑：陈熙