　　 2016年6月18日全国大学英语四级考试已结束，本次考试为多题多卷，新浪外语第一时间收集整理不同版本试题，供考生参考，以下是2016年6月英语四级真题听力原文（听写版）。　　　　The international labor organization says the number of people without jobs is increasing. In its latest update on global employment trends, the agency says projections of the number on unemployed people this year range from 210 million to nearly 240 million people. The report warns that 200 million poor workers are at risk of joining the ranks of people leaving on less than 2 dollars per day in the past 3 years. The director general of the international labor organization WS notes that some countries have taken measures to address the effects of the global crisis. However, he points out that many countries have not done so. And based on past experiences, it takes 4-5 years after economic recovery for unemployment to return to pre-crisis levels. Mr. S says the international organization is proposing a global job agreement to deal with unemployment.　　Mr. S: It’s key objective is to place the center of recovery efforts, measures will generate high levels of employment and provide basic social protection for the most vulnerable.　　1、 What is the news report main about?　　2、 What does Mr. S say?　　　　Big fast food chains in New York city have started to obey a first kind of its rule requiring them to post calorie on its menu. CN is with New York Department of Health.　　We wanted to give people an opportunity to actually see the calories before they purchase the food and make a decision and inform decision that if they want to make a healthier choice. If they want to eat fewer calories, they can. And we expect this will have a huge impact on obesity. And of course, if this has an impact on obesity, it will have an impact on diabetes, and heart disease, and high blood pressure.　　The new rules were introduced as part of anti-obesity campaign that also includes a recent city wide ban on artificial transfat in restaurant food. The menu rule only applies to restaurants that serves standard portion sizes and 15 or more locations nationwide. Starting last Saturday, chains big enough to fall under the rule will face penalties about 2000 dollars for not showing calorie information in a prominent sports on their menus, preferably next to the price.　　3. what are big fast food chains in New York cityrequire to do according to the new rule?　　4.What will happen to big restaurant chains that violate the new rule?　　　　Almost all companies recognize the importance of innovation today, but not many are able to integrate innovation into their business. A commentary in a … daily points out that innovation doesn’t mean piles of documents, it’s something more practical. The article says many people tend to assume that innovation just means create something new, but actually it’s more than that. It’s an attitude of doing thing. A company should find ways to innovate not just in products but also in functions, business models and processes. The article cites the global giant and gamble as an example, saying the real innovative company should develop an innovation culture, and use it as a primary tool for success. P and gamble has a proper innovation fun which offers bigger rewards for high risk ideas. It also has a special innovation facility for employees. sometimes their employees are released from their daily jobs for weeks, and spend their time interrupting in the innovation facility instead. In conclusion, the article says innovative ideas alone do not ensure success, it’s pointless unless their to turn inspiration into financial performance.　　5. What is the problem of many companies according to news report?　　6. What do many people turn to think of the innovation?　　7. What does the company gamble?　　　　Conversation 1　　M: So, Linsy, do you like to text message on your cellphone?　　W:Yeah, I text message a lot.　　I don’t do it so much, I prefer to make a call if I’m in a hurry.　　Yeah, I go both ways. Sometimes I don’t want to talk to the person, I just want to ask him a question, so it’s much easier for me, just text message, if I call them, I have to have a long conversation.　　Yeah, I …. But I get off the phone pretty quickly ….　　Yeah, that’s true, you don’t talk a lot.　　So are you a fast messager?　　When I first get a cellphone, I was so …, I thought I’d never text message, but people can’t text message me. So I feel obliged to learn how to text message, so now I’m pretty fast , what about you?　　Actually, I have the opposite problem. When I first get my cellphone. I thought it was so cool the to text message to all my friends who have one. Aren’t pretty fast .., but it seems like now I don’t use so much. I got slower actually.　　Yeah, I’ve been text messaging, actually sort of has to do with your age. For example, people in high school, they text message a lot, but I asked my father, “do you text message?” and guess what he said?　　What?　　He said, he would never text message, he thinks it’s very childish and unprofessional to text message.　　Yeah, I could see what he means, it’s considered pretty informal to text message　　8. what does the man say about himself?　　9. what does the woman tend to do while she is on the phone?　　10. why did the men text his friends when he first got his cell phone?　　11. what does the woman’s father think of the text massage? childish　　Conversation 2　　Good morning, Mr. Johnson, how can I help you?　　well, I’d like to talk to you about Team Barn, the department manager.　　What seems to be the problem?　　Well, ever since Saudra left the department, I felt like I’ve been targeted to do all her work, as well as mine. I’m expected to attend many meetings. And I seem to be spending a lot of time doing unnecessary paperwork.　　I’m sorry to hear that.　　And on top of that, I’ve specifically asked if I could leave early last Friday, even though as I’ve finished my assignment, I was told to help. But surely, that’s a positive sign showing that Mr. Barn has a lot of trust in you.　　Yeah, but other colleague gets leave early and they don’t have such a lot of work to do.　　So you feel he’s making unrealistic demands on you?　　Yes, absolutely.　　Have you approached Mr. Barn about this particular problem?　　I tried, but it seems he just has no time for me.　　Well, at this stage, it would be better to approach him directly. If nothing else show you can solve the problem yourself before you take it further, makes it clear you’re not just a complainer. Why don’t you send him an email, requesting a meeting with him in private.　　Hmm, I feel a bit worry about his reaction. But, anyway I’ll send him an email requesting a meeting, and see what happens though, thanks for your advice.　　Good luck, let us know the outcome.　　12. what do we know about the man from the cover?　　13. what is the man’s chief complaint?　　14. how was the women interpret the facts that?　　15. what did the women advise the man to do?　　　　Passage one　　The massive decline in sleep happens so slowly and quietly that feel seems trend. because the growing attraction of the video games and endless TV channels. never disconnecting from work, no matter how it happened, millions of Americans are putting their health or …of their life even life endanger. new evidence shows why getting enough sleep is the top priority. Some 40% of the Americans get less than 7 hours. Believe between sleep and health, and bad sleep and disease is becoming clearer and clearer says L , Harvard University. For example, sleep duration has declined from some 8 hours 1950s to 7 in recent years, at the same time high blood pressure is becoming an increasing problem. Blood pressure are typically at lowest levels high during sleep people who sleepless and have high blood pressure, heart attack, diabetes, and other problems. Sleeping better may help fight of illnesses, when people sleep deprived their high levels of stress Hormons in their bodies which can decrease immune function says Doctor P of western university in Chicago, the university of Chicago study shows people who sleep well live longer so say goodnight sooner and it may help you stay active and vital to a right old age.　　16.What is the speaker mainly talking about?　　17.What do we learn from the talked-about days of Americans?　　18. What does the speaker say will happen to people who lack of sleep?　　Passage 2　　Parents and teachers will tell you not to worry when apply for a place in university, but in the same breath, they will remind you that it is the most important decision of your life. The first decision is your choice of course, it would depend on what you want to get out of university, what you are good at and what you enjoy. The next decision is where to apply. Aim high but within reason. Do you have the right commendation of subjects? And are your expectedgrades likely to meet into your requirements? The deadline is January 15th, but it’s better to submits your application early because universities began work as soon as forms rolling in. The most important part of the application is the much feared personal statement. This is your chance to convey bondless enthusiasm for the subject, so expression is for most. ? and ineffective generalities, and make sure you give the concrete examples. Admission officers will read every personal statements that arrives. It’s not convincing if you say you have chosen a subject because you enjoy it. You have to get across what it is about a particular area that has inspired you. They will look for evidence that you have reflected and thought about the subject. Applicants should be honest. There is no point saying you run marathons if you are going to be out of breath arriving at the interview on the second floor.　　19. what is the first decision you should made when apply?　　20. what is the most important part of the application?　　21. what must applicants do in their personal statements?　　Passage 3 (motor car)　　Passage Three　　It is usually agreed that JC Benz built the first motor car in 1885. It was actually a tricycle with a petrol motor and XX. Soon, members of the royal family and other wealthy people to XX motory as a sport. Many of the early cars have two seats. There were no petrol XX and few garages. So every driver had to be his own engineer for the frequent breakdowns. By 1905, cars began to look like cars of today with head lamps with screen and number plates. Henry Ford’s Model T introduced in America in 1909, which cheaper because it was made on the assembly line. It brought cars close to both the rich and ordinary people. With the popularity of the car, registration became a must in 1903 with a motor car owner. Competency tests were introduced in 1955. Today the legal driving age of car in the UK is 17. You are not allowed to drive a car on XX until you pass the driving test. In 1958, Britain celebrated the opening of its first motor way, the Briston bypass. Until then, no one understood what a motor way was, not even a labor who were building it. The bypass held a new era in motor travel and was greeted with excitement and optimism. Service stations came with the motor way. And the legend of transport cafe was born. Of course, the service station has diversified greatly. But whether its English cooked breakfast or coffee and sandwich, one thing has remained the same, the XX.　　22/ what does the speaker say about the first motor car?　　23/ what was the problem the cars in Britain?　　24/ Why did HF’s Model T cars cost less?　　25/ what do we learn about the bypass?