　　2016年6月大学英语四级考试翻译题目汇总及解析　　来源：文都教育　　（版本一：乌镇 ）　　乌镇是浙江的一座古老水镇，坐落在京杭大运河畔。这是一处迷人的地方，有许多古桥、中式旅店和餐馆。在过去一千年里，乌镇的水系和生活方式并未经历多少变化，是一座展现古文明的博物馆。乌镇所有房屋都用石木建造。数百年来，当地人沿着河边建起了住宅和集市。无数宽敞美丽的庭院藏身于屋舍之间，游客们每到一处都会有惊喜的发现。　　[参考译文]　　Wuzhen is an ancient water town in Zhejiang province， which is located in the Grand Canal of Beijing and Hangzhou。 This is a charming place， having many ancient bridges， Chinese style hotels and restaurants。 Over the past one thousand years， the water system and lifestyle of Wuzhen has not experienced many changes， which is a museum showing ancient civilizations。 All the houses in Wuzhen are built of stone and wood。 For hundreds of years， the local people built homes and fairs along the river。 Countless beautiful and spacious courtyards lie among the houses， thus the tourists would have a pleasant surprise when coming to here。　　（版本二：功夫）　　功夫（Kung Fu）是中国武术（martial arts）的俗称。中国武术的起源可以追溯到自卫的需要，狩猎活动以及古代中国的军事训练。它是中国传统体育运动的一种。年轻人和老年人都练。它已逐渐演变成了中国文化的独特元素。作为中国的国宝，功夫有上百种不同的风格，是世界上练得最多的武术形式。有些风格模仿了动物的动作，还有一些则受到了中国哲学思想、神话和传说的启发。　　[参考译文]　　Kung Fu is commonly known as the Chinese martial arts， the origin of which can be traced back to the need of self-defense， hunting activities and military training in ancient China。 It is one kind of Chinese traditional sports。 The young and the old often practice it。 It has gradually evolved into the unique elements of Chinese culture。 As a national treasure of China， there are hundreds of different styles for Kung Fu， which is most common forms of martial arts。 Some of styles imitate the movement of the animals， and some are inspired by Chinese philosophy， myths and legends。　　（版本三：风筝）　　在山东潍坊市，风筝不仅仅是玩具，而且还是这座城市文化的标志。潍坊以“风筝之都“而闻名，已有将近2400年放飞风筝的历史。传说中国古代哲学家墨子用了三年时间在潍坊制作了世界上首个风筝，但放飞的第一天风筝就坠落并摔坏了。也有人相信风筝是中国古代木匠鲁班发明的。据说他的风筝用木头和竹子制作，飞了三天后才落地。　　[参考译文]　　In the city of Weifang， Shandong province， kites are not just toys， but also a sign of the city culture。 Weifang is famous for “the kite”， having a history of nearly 2400 years of flying kites。 It is said that the ancient Chinese philosophers spent three years on making the first kite in the world ， but the first day of the flying kites had dropped and broken。 Some people believe that the kite was invented by ancient Chinese carpenter， Lu Ban。 It has been said that his kite is made of wood and bamboo， falling to the ground after flying three days。　　综合对以上题目进行分析，我们会发现，翻译还是沿续老的传统侧重对中国文化进行考查，内容相对来讲，是大家所熟悉的，像“风筝”、“乌镇”、“功夫”，驾驭起来难度并不是很大。同一个内容，可以用不同的形式来呈现，比如，“以……而闻名”用英文表达可以“be famous for。。。”还可以是“be renown as。。。”；再比如，“追溯到。。。”即可以“go back to。。。。”也可以用“trace back to”等等。只要平时在学习的过程中，用心积累，必然会驾轻就熟。最后祝大家都能顺利通过。