　　 2016年6月18日全国大学英语四级考试已结束，本次考试为多题多卷，新浪外语第一时间收集整理不同版本试题，供考生参考，以下是2016年6月英语四级完形填空及答案　　Section A　　Directions：In this section，there is a passage with ten blanks。 You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage。 Read the passage through carefully before making your choices。 Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter。 Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre。 You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once。　　Physical activity does the body good， and there’s growing evidence that it helps the brain too.Researchers in the Netherlands report that children who get more exercise， whether at school or on their own， 　26　to have higher GPAs and better scores on standardized tests。 In a 　27　 of 14 studies that looked at physical activity and academic　28　， investigators found that the more children moved， the better their grades were in school， 　29　 in the basic subjects of math，English and reading。　　The data will certainly fuel the ongoing debate over whether physical education classes should be cut as schools struggle to 　30　 on smaller budgets。 The arguments against physical education have included concerns that gym time may be taking away from study time。 With standardized test scores in the U.S。 　31　 in recent years， some administrators believe students need to spend more time in the classroom instead of on the playground。 But as these findings show， exercise and academics may not be 　32　 exclusive。 Physical activity can improve blood 　33　 to the brain， fueling memory， attention and creativity， which are 　34　 to learning。 And exercise releases hormones that can improve 　35　 and relieve stress， which can also help learning。 So while it may seem as if kids are just exercising their bodies when they’re running around， they may actually be exercising their brains as well。　　A）attendance　　B）consequently　　C）current　　D）depressing　　E）dropping　　F）essential　　G）feasible　　H）flow　　I）mood　　J）mutually　　K）particularly　　L）performance　　M）review　　N）survive　　O）tend　　答案：　　26.（O） tend　　27.（M） review　　28.（L） performance　　29.（K） particularly　　30.（N） survive　　31.（E） dropping　　32.（J） mutually　　33.（H） flow　　34.（F） essential　　35.（I） mood