　　Even smart people make stupid mistakes in their writing. Sometimes it’s laziness or impatience; sometimes they’re genuinely confused. Using data from millions of its subscribers, Microsoft recently rounded up a list of the top 10 grammar mistakes in the English language. Below, we’ve listed the 10 most common grammar errors, along with examples, according to Microsoft. There’s a good chance you’ve made at least one.　　即使是很聪明的人也会在写作时犯一些愚笨的错误。有时是因为犯懒或没耐心，有时是他们真的很困惑。根据来自百万用户的数据，微软公司最近整理出了英语中最常见的语法错误前十名。在下面，我们列出了来自微软的10个最常见语法错误及示例，你大概至少会犯其中的一项错误。　　1. Leaving too many white spaces between words　　1.单词间有太多空格　　Example: To the left. Correct: To the left.　　反例：向 左。 正确：向左　　2. Missing a comma　　2.逗号缺失　　Example: If the weather remains the same we’ll leave early. Correct: If the weather remains the same, we’ll leave early.　　反例：如果天气还是这样我们就早点走。 正确：如果天气还是这样，我们就早点走。　　3. Missing a comma after an introductory phrase　　3.介绍性短语后不加逗号　　Example: First of all we must make sure that the power is off. Correct: First of all, we must make sure that the power is off.　　反例：首先我们必须确保断电。 正确;首先,我们必须确保断电。　　4. Missing a hyphen　　4.缺少连字符　　Example: My 3 year old son Correct: My 3-year-old son　　反例:我的 三岁 儿子 正确：我三岁的儿子。　　5. Incorrect subject-verb agreement　　5.主谓不一致　　Example: The cats eats. Correct: The cats eat.　　反例：猫（复数）吃（单数）东西。 正确：猫（复数）吃（复数）东西。　　6. Incorrect capitalization　　6.误用大写　　Example: It’s cold, But we are going out. Correct: It’s cold, but we are going out.　　反例：天很冷，但是（大写）我们还是要出去。 正确：天很冷，但是（小写）我们还是要出去。　　7. Mixing up possessive and plural forms　　7.混用所有格和复数形式　　Example: My sisters car is old. Correct: My sister’s car is old.　　反例：我姐姐们车很旧。 正确：我姐姐的车很旧。　　8. Incorrect agreement with noun phrases　　8.名词短语搭配不一致　　Example: I would like to buy this apples. Correct: I would like to buy these apples.　　反例：我想买这个苹果（复数）。 正确：我想买这些苹果（复数）。　　9. Commonly confused words　　9.常见的易混淆单词　　Example: After all that running, I am out of breathe. Correct: After all that running, I am out of breath.　　反例：跑完步后我喘不上呼吸（动词）来。 正确：跑完步后我喘不上气（名词）来。　　10. Incorrect verb form after auxiliary　　10.助动词后动词的形式错误　　Example: They had ate when we arrived. Correct: They had eaten when we arrived.　　反例：我们到了的时候他们已经吃（过去式）过饭了。 正确：我们到了的时候他们已经吃过（过去分词）饭了。