　　There’s nothing worse than having the wool pulled over your eyes, and when it happens you often wonder how someone managed to deceive you.　　没有什么事儿比上当受骗更糟糕的了，而当你被骗时你还总是疑惑为什么别人能够成功地欺骗你。　　Now body language expert Judi James has revealed the key signs to look out for if you’re concerned someone is being economical with the truth.　　而现在身体语言专家朱迪·詹姆斯指出了一些重要的迹象，可以帮你看出是否有人在向你隐瞒真相。　　While she warns that there is ’no set formula’ for spotting a liar, recognising some of the signs can help you root out a fibber.　　虽然她说没有识别骗子的“固定套路”，但是根据一些现象可以助你找出谁在说谎。　　The big pause: Lying is quite a complex process for the body and brain to deal with. First your brain produces the truth which it then has to suppress before inventing the lie and the performance of that lie.　　一、长时间停顿。说谎对于人的身体和大脑来说都是一个相当复杂的过程。首先你的大脑会回忆起事实的真相，然后你必须隐藏起这个真相并编造谎言，然后还要把谎言讲出来。　　This often leads to a longer pause than normal before answering, plus a verbal stalling technique like ‘Why do you ask that?’ rather than a direct and open response.　　而这往往会导致说谎人在回答问题前停顿更长的时间，还会用诸如“你为什么这么问？”等问题来拖延回答你问题的时间，而不是直接毫无保留地回答。　　The eye dart: Humans have more eye expressions than any other animal and our eyes can give away if we’re trying to hide something.　　二、眼睛乱瞟。人类眼睛可以表达出的东西比其他任何动物都要多，而眼睛也能够告诉你这个人是否在隐瞒什么。　　When we look up to our left to think we’re often accessing recalled memory, but when our eyes roll up to our right we can be thinking more creatively. Also, the guilt of a lie often makes people use an eye contact cut-off gesture, such as looking down or away.　　当我们试图回忆起某些东西的时候，我们的眼睛会往左上方瞟，但是当我们的眼睛往右边转的时候，就可能是在编造着些什么。此外，说谎的罪恶感也会使得人们不敢跟对方有眼神接触，他们一般会低着头或者看向别处。　　The lost breath: Bending the truth causes an instant stress response in most people, meaning the fight or flight mechanisms are activated.　　三、呼吸紊乱。捏造事实会对大多数人造成心理上的压力，也即是说说谎人这时往往处于天人交战的状态。　　The mouth dries, the body sweats more, the pulse rate quickens and the rhythm of the breathing changes to shorter, shallower breaths that can often be both seen and heard.　　人们甚至会看出来或听出来说谎者的嘴巴发干，出汗变多，心率加快，呼吸的节奏变短、变浅。　　Overcompensating: A liar will often over-perform, both speaking and gesticulating too much in a bid to be more convincing. These over the top body language rituals can involve too much eye contact (often without blinking!) and over-emphatic gesticulation.　　四、表现过激。骗子经常会表演过度，他们为了让自己更有说服力，经常会说得太多、或者做太多的手势动作。这些身体语言包括过度的眼神接触（通常不眨眼！）和过分强调的手势。　　The poker face: Although some people prefer to employ the poker face, many assume less is more and almost shut down in terms of movement and eye contact when they’re being economical with the truth.　　五、面无表情。一些人喜欢老是挂着一张扑克脸，因为许多人都认为说谎时面部表情越少越好，甚至不会有任何的动作和眼神接触。　　The face hide: When someone tells a lie they often suffer a strong desire to hide their face from their audience. This can lead to a partial cut-off gesture like the well-known nose touch or mouth-cover.　　六、藏起自己的脸。一些人在说谎的时候会非常不想让别人看到自己的脸。他们一般会用手摸自己的鼻子，或者把嘴巴遮起来。　　Self-comfort touches: The stress and discomfort of lying often produces gestures that are aimed at comforting the liar, such as rocking, hair-stroking or twiddling or playing with wedding rings. We all tend to use self-comfort gestures but this will increase dramatically when someone is fibbing.　　七、自我安慰式动作。说谎的压力和不适感常常会导致说谎人做出一些安慰自己的动作，例如摇摆身体、抚摸头发、转动或玩弄自己的结婚戒指。所有人都倾向于做一些自我安慰的动作，但是说谎时这些动作会大大增多。