　　Wise Beyond Her Years. That’s the best way to describe 11-year-old Millie Arch from Northern Virginia. Millie recently went to CPAC with her family and was stopped afterward by Jennifer Lawrence from the America First Project.　　聪明超过了这个年龄段。这是描述来自北弗吉尼亚11岁的Millie Arch的最好方法。近日，Millie和她的家人去了CPAC，随后便被《美国优先项目》的Jennifer Lawrence 给拦了下来。　　Showing off her Donald Trump backpack, Millie was full of enthusiasm as she answered a few questions from Lawrence. First, Lawrence asked the young girl why she supports President Trump. Her response was whimsically delightful.　　在炫耀自己的唐纳德·特朗普双肩背包时，Millie满怀激情地回答了Lawrence的几个问题。Lawrence首先询问了这个小女孩为何她要支持特朗普总统。她的反应异常兴奋。　　“One day I was home watching the t.v., this was before the election sort of began, and there was this guy who talked about the issues we are facing…Then something extraordinary happened. He said how to fix them.”　　“有一天，我在家看电视，这是在大选前夕，有个家伙谈论了我们正在面临的问题……随后，特别的事情发生了。他说了如何解决这些问题。”　　According to Millie, “politicians always talk about problems” but they don’t offer up solutions on how to fix them, and that made Donald Trump a hero in her eyes. Her youthful excitement only grew from there.　　据Millie介绍，“政客们总是谈论麻烦事儿”，但是他们不会给出解决之道，这使得唐纳德·特朗普成了她眼中的英雄。她年轻的兴奋点由此而生。　　Millie went on to explain that her favorite reason for liking the president was that “he would build a wall on our southern border and make Mexico pay for it.” She said she loved immigrants but legal immigrants.　　Millie继续解释道，她喜欢特朗普总统最主要的原因是，“他将在我国南部边界修建一堵墙壁，并且要墨西哥掏钱。”她说，她喜欢移民而非非法移民。　　She also talks to her teacher, who is a Republican, about Donald Trump. Millie says that some kids in her school give her a “hard time” and call her names like…The “Trump-Girl.”　　她还跟她的共和党老师说到了唐纳德·特朗普。Millie说道，她学校的一些孩子刁难了她，还称呼她的名字为“特朗普女孩”。　　When asked if her parents got her into politics, Millie said no and revealed that her mom was a Ted Cruz supporter in the primaries.　　当被问及她的父母是否让她接触政治时，Millie说不，同时她还披露，她的妈妈在初选中是Ted Cruz的支持者。　　When she grows up, Millie would like to attend Penn State and then work in law enforcement as a detective. She said that maybe one day she would “run for president.” It doesn’t look like there will be any “safe spaces” in Millie’s future.　　当她长大了，Millie想要进入宾州大学，随后在执法部门担任侦探。她说，也许有一天，她会“竞选总统”。看起来，Millie的未来没有任何“安全的空间”。责任编辑：李然