　　A cashless society 无现金社会　　There is nothing worse than fumbling around in your pocket trying to find some small change to pay for a newspaper or a coffee. So it's good to know that new technology is making cash -banknotes and coins – a thing of the past, turning us into a cashless society.　　Today, many of us already use credit and debit cards for financial transactions so there's no need to carry around huge wads of hard currency. And now it's possible to make contactless payments using tap-and-go cards which are regular bankcards but with a built-in chip and antenna. The card reader sends out a radio frequency and, when you bring the card close to the reader, the antenna picks up the signal to make the payment.　　Paying this way or spending on 'plastic' – an informal name for a credit card – can put you at risk of fraud. Criminals try to steal cards, or the information on them, to make purchases online or in shops. However, contactless payment is capped – in the UK the limit is ￡30. And, if someone does go on a spending spree with your card, your bank covers you against the loss – something that wouldn't happen if your banknotes were stolen. Also, the introduction of chip and PIN technology has led to a drop in fraud and has even been helping businesses by cutting the time people spend at tills in shops.　　But, if getting your bankcard out seems like too much trouble, there's now a solution using wearable tech – that's clothing and accessories that include computer and electronic technologies. Kenneth Cukier, economist and technology expert, says "this is intended for people who are incredibly lazy who don't want to take their card out of their wallet, or use their phone, or use their watch. People are going to be making more purchases more of the time – particularly for small-valued goods."　　And, although our mobile phones are another way of making payments, BBC reporter Kate Russell says that when this is inconvenient you can use the fingo-pay system which "reads the unique maps of veins under the surface of your finger." The trick is remembering which finger you registered with – that's when good old-fashioned cash might save the day! What do you prefer to use when you buy something?　　　　fumbling 掏来掏去　　small change 零钱　　banknotes 纸币　　credit 信用　　debit cards 现金账户卡　　transactions 交易　　wads 一扎一扎　　hard currency 现金　　contactless payments 无接触支付　　tap-and-go 点击付款　　antenna 天线　　plastic (informal) （俗语）信用卡　　fraud 诈骗　　purchases 购物　　spending spree 疯狂采购　　chip and PIN 密码　　tills 收款柜台　　wearable tech 可穿戴科技　　fingo-pay 指纹支付　　　　1. 阅读课文并回答问题。　　1. True or false? A debit card can be used to buy something now and pay for it later.　　2. What do criminals need to make a purchase that you have to pay for?　　3. What word is used in the article that means to have put information on an official list?　　4. Name one way, mentioned in the article, to pay for something without using cash.　　5. Which part of your body does the fingo-pay system use to know it is you who is paying for something?　　2. 请你在不参考课文的情况下完成下列练习。选择一个意思合适的单词填入句子的空格处。　　1. The man was arrested after he tried to buy a new car using fake _______.　　notebanks bankers banknotes purchases　　2. I called my bank after I saw a suspicious _______ on my credit card bill.　　transactioned transaction transactions transgender　　3. Jane was given lots of money for her birthday so she decided to go on a big ________.　　fraud tap-and-go spending spree credit card　　4. John said he couldn't afford to pay for a holiday but I told him to put it on the _______.　　tap-and-go chip and PIN debit card plastic　　5. At the border I was only allowed to use _______ to pay for my visa.　　soft currency hard currency harder currency hard currents　　　　1. 阅读课文并回答问题。　　1. True or false? A debit card can be used to buy something now and pay for it later. False. A debit card takes money out of your account straight away.　　2. What do criminals need to make a purchase that you have to pay for? The information on your credit or debit card.　　3. What word is used in the article that means to have put information on an official list? The word is 'registered'.　　4. Name one way, mentioned in the article, to pay for something without using cash. Mobile phone, watch, credit or debit card, tap-and-go cards, wearable tech, fingo-pay.　　5. Which part of your body does the fingo-pay system use to know it is you who is paying for something?　　It uses your finger.　　2. 请你在不参考课文的情况下完成下列练习。选择一个意思合适的单词填入句子的空格处。　　1. The man was arrested after he tried to buy a new car using fake banknotes.　　2. I called my bank after I saw a suspicious transaction on my credit card bill.　　3. Jane was given lots of money for her birthday so she decided to go on a big spending spree.　　4. John said he couldn't afford to pay for a holiday but I told him to put it on the plastic.　　5. At the border I was only allowed to use hard currency to pay for my visa.