　　对于很多歪果仁来说，辣味菜肴是中国菜中不得不提的一部分。当他们第一次尝到中国西南地区盛行的麻辣菜品是，那种辣到流汗、辣到嚎叫的酸爽让他们得到了灵魂上的刺激，就连喝水也缓解不了从舌头到喉咙的麻辣感受。那么，在歪果仁眼中，有哪些辣味中国菜不可错过呢？　　　　　　The dish is made with a spicy bean chili sauce, tofu and ground pork and a liberal sprinkling of the mouth-numbing Sichuan peppercorn that is a mainstay in Sichuan and Chongqnig cooking.　　这道菜的主要材料是豆瓣辣椒酱、豆腐、猪肉糜以及少量能让人嘴巴发麻的四川花椒——这玩意是四川和重庆菜肴中不可或缺的香料。　　　　　　The true dan dan noodle dish is made with a blistering chili black bean paste, ground pork, a dollop of raw minced garlic and crunchy ground peanuts topped off with scallions and cilantro. The sauce is placed at the bottom of an empty bowl, unseasoned al dente noodles are put over the sauce and the diner is charged with the task of mixing it all up.　　真正的担担面的主要食材有豆豉辣椒酱、猪肉糜、少量生蒜末，还要在上面撒上香脆的花生、葱花和香菜。先在空碗底倒入酱汁，然后把未调味但是很有嚼劲的面条盖在酱汁上，用餐者只需将其拌匀就可以食用啦。　　　　　　Literally translated as “saliva chicken,” because you'll salivate when you even think about this dish.　　这道菜字面上被译作“saliva chicken（口水鸡）”，因为你一想到这道菜就会流口水。　　Boiled chicken is marinated in a chili and sesame oilsauce that features 10 spices and sauces making it a fiery yet mouth-watering dish.　　白煮鸡在辣椒和麻油的酱汁中浸泡，酱汁中有着10种香料和调味汁，让其热辣如火却又让人垂涎欲滴。　　　　　　This inexpensive spicy snack is beloved all over China and is made of sweet potato flour glass noodles stewed in a soup made of soybeans, chili paste, copious amounts of vinegar, and chili oil.　　这道廉价的麻辣小吃风靡全中国，主要制作方法是用大豆、辣椒酱以及好几种醋和辣油制成的汤汁配地瓜粉制成的粉丝。　　　　　　Choose from a variety of meats, vegetables and tofu to be flash stir-fried and sent sizzling to your table in a mini wok.　　选用各种肉类、蔬菜以及豆腐，在小锅中快速翻炒过后，连着迷你热锅一起端到你的餐桌上。　　Hunan food is less oily than Sichuan food and the abundance of fresh red and green chili peppers, scallions, ginger and garlic make Hunan food arguably the spiciest cuisine in China.　　湘菜并没有川菜那么油腻，且湘菜中大量的新鲜红椒和青椒、葱、姜和蒜使其有资格竞争中国最辣的菜肴。　　　　　　A Guizhou favorite is hot and sour fish soup, which is made with your choice of freshwater fish and a fish broth of tomatoes, local Guizhou red chili peppers, chili oil and garlic and scallions.　　酸汤鱼是一道贵州人民颇为喜爱的菜肴，由你选用的淡水鱼加上西红柿、贵州本地红辣椒、辣油、蒜和葱煮出的鱼汤制成。　　　　　　Hunan province knows a thing or two about cooking up beef since it is the second-largest supplier of beef in China. The choice beef dish is Hunan spicy beef, which is beef stir fried in a mixture of fresh and deep fried chili peppers.　　湖南作为中国第二大牛肉供应省，十分精通牛肉料理。其中精选出的牛肉菜品就是就是湖南香辣牛肉，把牛肉和鲜辣椒以及油炸辣椒混在一起翻炒。　　　　　　This dish is little known outside of Yunnan province but Chinese foodies rave about er kuai, a savory rice cake made of glutinous rice paste that is steamed and then cut into small cubes and stir fried with fresh chili peppers and tender morsels of deep fried chicken.　　这道菜在云南省以外的地区是鲜为人知，不过中国的美食家对饵块是大肆赞扬，由黏糊的米糊做成的可口年糕煮熟后写成小块（饵块），同新鲜辣椒以及炸过的嫩鸡丁一起爆炒成饵块辣子鸡。　　　　　　It’s tasty because there's a layer of rendered beef fat in the kitchen-sink sized hotpot at the center of the table. Dried and fresh red chili peppers and 20 other herbs and spices go into the hotpot soup ensuring that whatever meat, vegetable, noodle or tofu you dip into the hotpot you will be rewarded with a spicy euphoria that will linger long after the meal is over.　　在桌子中央，摆上一口厨房水槽大小的火锅，浮着一层牛油，美味极了。火锅汤底包含干辣椒、鲜辣椒以及其他20种草药和香料，不管你往火锅里头丢什么，肉、蔬菜、面条或是豆腐，都能给你一种热辣的快感，经久不绝。　　　　　　Never mind the fact that there is no fish used in the preparation of this dish.　　这道菜里并没有用到鱼，不过不用在意。　　Red chili bean paste, sugar, garlic, ginger, onions and soy sauce is stewed with deep fried tofu and fresh capsicum. This dish can be made substituting tofu for eggplant or shredded pork.　　这道菜由豆瓣辣椒酱、糖、大蒜、生姜、洋葱以及酱油和炸过的豆腐以及新鲜的辣椒一起红烧而成，里面的豆腐也可以替换成茄子或是肉丝。　　（来源：沪江英语）