　　The early stages of parenthood are never easy - you’ve brought a tiny new human into the world and are desperately trying to keep him or her safe, happy and healthy.　　初为人父母的日子从来都不轻松--你刚刚把一个小小的、崭新的人类带到了这个世界上，并且要不顾一切的努力保护他的安全、快乐和健康。　　But as a new mum, it’s all too easy to forget to look after your own mental and physical health too.　　但是，初为人母的你，总是太容易忘记照顾自己的精神和身体健康。　　A lot of mothers feel pressure to breastfeed their newborns, but one mum has now spoken out and admitted she wishes she’d never started.　　母乳喂养自己的孩子，让很多妈妈感觉有压力，但是现在只有一位母亲说了出来，并且承认她希望自己从未哺乳过。　　Australian reality TV star Maddi Carter lifted the curtain on the reality of breastfeeding in an Instagram post.　　澳大利亚真人秀明星卡特在一则Instagram推送中揭示了母乳喂养的事实。　　She gave birth to her second child, Marlow, with husband Lloyd Wright in October, but has now revealed why after three weeks of breastfeeding, she stopped.　　她和丈夫劳埃德在去年十月份生了第二个孩子，马洛，但现在她解释了为什么在哺乳三周后她便停了下来。　　I wish I never breastfed my baby, she writes.　　我希望我从未哺乳过我的孩子，她如此写道。　　Carter then goes on to explain why.　　接下来卡特开始解释她为什么这么说。　　Three weeks post stopping breastfeeding with my four month old I am a completely different person. I’m a better mum and better wife. I have more energy. I actually have gaps where bub is NOT on my body so I get to miss him a little.　　在停止母乳喂养我四个月大的宝宝三周后，我变成；了完全不同的人。现在我是个更好的妈妈和更好的妻子。我有了更多的精力。事实上我有点不习惯小家伙不在我肚子里，所以我有点想念他。　　I have more time for my other son. I am more affectionate towards my husband. I don’t dread going out in public. I enjoy my clothes again as I’m not leaking everywhere or having to wear uncomfortable maternity bras.　　我有了更多的时间陪伴我另一个儿子，我也更爱我的丈夫了。我不害怕出现在公共场合。因为不再需要随时随地坦胸露乳的哺乳或者穿孕妇胸罩，我又开始享受穿衣服的感觉。　　I’m able to leave the house by myself without getting anxiety. I’m able to go to the gym again.　　我可以一个人离开家而不用感到焦虑。我又可以去健身房了。　　I know I will cop a lot of negative comments about this post but I think it’s important for mums to know that they have choices. There are so many different ways to be a mum. But what many mums forget is that MUM HAS TO BE HAPPY TOO.　　我知道我会因为这片推文，遭受很多负面的评论，但是我认为，母亲们了解自己有其他选择是对她们很重要的。　　It’s an important message but one that did indeed receive mixed responses.　　这是一个很重要的信息，但是它确实收到各种各样的回应。　　Some supported her:　　有一些支持她的回复：　　I have two beautiful healthily kids and neither were breastfed!!! It’s not for everyone trust me I know!! Kudos to you for speaking out! wrote one woman.　　我有两个漂亮又健康的小孩，他们两个都不是母乳喂养的！！！我知道不是所有人都相信我！！你能公开说出来很赞！一位女士评论道。　　Preach!!!! I tried breastfeeding for a while, and struggled. Hard. We both did. And I was miserable. Crying constantly. Feeling like a s*** mom. The moment I made the decision, with the support of my partner, to formula feed - well! It was like I was a whole new person.　　赞！！我有段时间尝试过母乳喂养，挣扎过，这很困难，我们都经历过，这让我痛苦不堪。我时常哭泣，因为感觉自己不是一个好妈妈。在我配偶的支持下，当我决定使用奶粉喂养那一刻，我感觉就像自己是一个全新的人了！　　A 50 million pound weight was lifted off of my shoulders. Mama was happy. Baby was happy and fed, and started growing tons and thriving. Mission a-f***ing-ccomplished. Kudos to you for keeping it real!　　（决定奶粉喂养）好比是从肩膀上卸下了五千万磅的负担。妈妈很开心，小孩既开心又吃饱了，并且开始长得又大又壮。喂小孩的任务终于完成了。你能实现奶粉喂养并且坚持下去真的很赞！　　Others disagreed:　　其他人并不赞同：　　I respect your idea, but breastfeeding didn’t stop all my activities, somehow I might have had some limitations but the strong feeling between mum and kid is amazing and incomparable with anything else in the world, I’m soooo happy that I didn’t miss this beautiful filling in my life, one woman explained.　　我尊重你的想法，但是母乳喂养并没有妨碍我任何的活动，不知为何，我可能会有一些限制，但是母子之间强大的情感纽带是令人惊奇且无与伦比的， 我没有错过这生命中美好的环节实在是太让我快乐了，一位女士解释道。　　But few could argue with the fact that the happiness of a mother is crucial.　　对母亲来说，快乐是至关重要的，这是没人可以辩驳的。