　　Think a list of the 10 world‘s most photographed attractions would include the Eiffel Tower and the Empire State Building？　　想一下世界上最上镜的10个旅游胜地会包括艾菲尔铁塔和帝国大厦吗？　　Think again。　　再想一想。　　The Eiffel Tower and the Empire State Building don‘t even make the list。　　艾菲尔铁塔和帝国大厦甚至都没有上榜。　　Using the interactive ‘heat map’ Sightsmap， based on data from a Google-powered photo-sharing app to provide the rankings， this infographic， produced by ParrotPrint， reveals how many times each sight has been hashtagged on Instagram。　　使用交互式“网站点击热图”上的景点地图并根据从谷歌照片分享应用上获得的数据来进行排名，由ParrotPrint提供的信息图揭示了每个名胜在Instagram上被标记的次数。　　Let’s check out the lens-bait hotspots of the world。　　让我们一起去看一下世界上吸引镜头的热点吧。　　　　It’s this modern and contemporary art gallery which steals the title of being New York’s most photographed attraction。 The gallery is considered one of the most significant architectural and cultural icons of the 20th century and visitors can enjoy unique exhibitions and artist-led lectures， as well as performances and film screenings。　　这家近现代美术馆获封纽约最上镜的旅游胜地。它被称为20世纪最有意义的建筑和文化标志之一，而且游客可以欣赏独一无二的展品、艺术家的演讲以及演出和电影放映。　　　　The Trinita dei Monti is a Roman Catholic late Renaissance church which sits in a commanding position in Rome， at the summit of the Spanish steps which lead down to the attractive Piazza di Spagna。 Known for its location rather than for the works inside it， the church has developed over the centuries into one of the most recognized sights of the Eternal City。　　圣三一教堂是文艺复兴后期的一座天主教堂，位于于罗马西班牙阶梯的顶点，有一种居高临下的气势。顺着台阶而下，便是迷人的西班牙广场。这座教堂因为它的位置而非内部作品而闻名，几个世纪以来它发展成为不朽之城公认的名胜之一。　　　　Designed by Gaudi， Park Guell has plenty to offer its visitors-colorful sculptures， the soaring Dragon Stairway， the open Placa de la Natura renowed for its undulating bench covered with tile-shard mosaic， not to mention the spectacular view out across the city that its position on Carmel Hill provides。 The perfect subject matter for a holiday snap！　　由高迪设计的奎尔公园为游客提供了许多华美的雕塑、高耸的龙阶梯、开放式的Natura广场，而其因镶嵌着马赛克瓷砖碎片的波浪形长凳而闻名，更不用说从卡梅尔山上（其所在处）俯瞰整个城市的壮观的景象了。完美的题材对假日快照很重要！　　　Known across the world as the establishment where the modern form of the can-can dance was born， the Moulin Rouge has transformed into one of Paris’s most famous tourist attractions， offering its guests musical and visual entertainment。 Its flamboyant red windmill is recognized across the globe as a symbol of the Parisian bohemian lifestyle。　　因创立现代康康舞而闻名于世，红磨坊转变为巴黎最有名的旅游胜地之一，为游客提供音乐和视觉娱乐活动。其艳丽的红色风车被世界公认为巴黎人的波西米亚生活方式的象征。　　　　Located in the Bosphorus Strait， the Maiden’s Tower is not only one of Istanbul’s most popular attractions but also an age-old Turkish symbol of love and romance。 The original tower was built to control the movement of Persian ships in the Bosphorus， however the tower that stands today has been heavily restored and is now a restaurant。　　少女塔坐落于博斯普鲁斯海峡，它不仅是伊斯坦布尔最受欢迎的旅游胜地之一，也是土耳其爱情和浪漫的古老象征。原塔的建立是为了控制波斯船只在博斯普鲁斯的活动，然而，现今矗立着的这座塔已进行了大量的修复，成为了一家饭店。　　　　There are only four bridges in Venice which span the Grand Canal and one of those is the Ponte dell’Accademia， which is built entirely from wood。 The bridge is named after the Accademia di Belle Arti and was originally meant as a temporary replacement for an 1854 iron bridge， but remains a beloved Venetian landmark even today。　　在威尼斯只有四座桥横跨大运河，其中一座就是学院桥，它完全是用木头建成的。这座桥以Accademia di Belle Arti（那不勒斯美术学院）的名字命名，原来是1854年一座铁桥的临时代替品，但现今它依然是威尼斯人挚爱的地标。　　　　Located in the heart of Monaco， the palatial Hotel offers the best views over the FI Grand Prix track。 Along with an impressive list of past A-list guests including Michael Jackson and Nelson Mandela， the hotel’s wine cellar was where Monaco’s royalty， Prince Rainer and Princess Grace of Monaco， celebrated their 20th wedding anniversary in 1976。　　这座宏伟的饭店坐落于摩纳哥的核心地带，其提供了观看国际FI赛车大奖赛的最佳视角。除了一份引人瞩目的过去重要客人的清单，其中包括迈克尔·杰克逊、纳尔逊·曼德拉，而摩纳哥皇室莱纳王子以及格蕾丝王妃1976年就是在这座饭店的酒窖里来庆祝他们20周年结婚纪念日的。　　　Piazzale Michelangelo is one of Florence’s best viewpoints offering 360°views of the city and the Arno Valley。 Florentine architect Giuseppe Poggi designed the Piazzale in 1869 as a monument base dedicated to the works of Michelangelo。 Today， it is filled with tourists， vendors， and a bronze replica of Michelangelo’s David。　　米开朗基罗广场是弗洛伦萨的最佳视点之一，从这里能够用360度的视野来欣赏这座城市和阿尔诺河谷。弗洛伦萨建筑师朱塞佩·波吉在1869年设计了这个广场，作为献给米开朗基罗作品的纪念碑式的基地。现今，广场上挤满了游客、商贩以及米开朗基罗《大卫》的青铜复制品。　　The Caminito （little walkway in Spanish） is a traditional alley bursting with colour and character which acts as a street museum in the barrio of La Boca in Buenos Aires。 Having acquired cultural significance after inspiring the music for the famous tango tune “Caminito”， it is now perhaps the biggest mainstream tourist hotspot in the city。　　卡米尼托（在西班牙语中就是“短的人行道”）是一条充满彩绘和特色的传统小巷，也是布宜诺斯艾利斯拉博卡区的一所街道博物馆。这条小巷在启发了著名的探戈旋律“卡米尼托”后收获了文化意蕴，现在可能是这座城市里最大的主流旅游热点了。　　Dedicated to Hungary’s first King St。 Stephen， the neoclassical Basilica is the largest church in Budapest and can squeeze over 8500 people inside it at the same time！ Aside from its enormity， the Basilica offers some unique attractions including Hungary’s most sacred treasure， St。 Stephen’s mummified right hand and wonderful views from the cupola。　　这座新古典主义风格的大教堂是献给匈牙利第一任国王圣·史蒂芬的，是布达佩斯最大的教堂，能同时容纳8500人。这所教堂除了巨大之外，还能提供一些独特有吸引力的事物，包括匈牙利最神圣的宝藏、圣·史蒂芬木乃伊化的右手以及从圆屋顶处观赏到的美妙景致。　　（来源：沪江英语）